.TH ZEITGEIST\-JOURNAL 1 "May 20, 2009" "GNOME Zeitgeist"

.SH NAME
zeitgeist\-journal \- graphical application to browse through logged activities

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBzeitgeist\-journal\fP \fI[OPTION]\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
GNOME Zeitgeist is a tool for easily browsing and finding files and
other activities on your computer. It keeps a chronological journal
of all your file activity, browser history and other relevant data, and
includes suppor for tagging and establishing relationships between
activities.
.PP
\fBzeitgeist\-journal\fP is the graphical component of GNOME Zeitgeist.
It communicates with the main engine (which runs in the background) and
provides a GTK interface to explore the logged activities journal.
.PP
Note that GNOME Zeitgeist is heavily based upon D-Bus. Because of this,
all sorts of applications can integrate with D-Bus (be it as graphical
interfaces for all or a subset of its features, as data sources
providing logging capabilities, or as both). \fBzeitgeist\-journal\fP
is the default interface developed by the project, but anyone is free
to create alternative applications and you may even use several at once.

.SH OPTIONS
The program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with
options starting with two dashes (`--'). A summary of options is
included below.
.TP
.B Not implemented yet

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBzeitgeist-daemon\fR, \fBzeitgeist-trayicon\fR

.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs on https://bugs.launchpad.net/gnome-zeitgeist.

.SH AUTHORS
Please see the MAINTAINERS file bundled with this application for
a complete list of contributors.

.SH LICENSE
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
