.TH ZEITGEIST\-DATAHUB 1 "May 20, 2009" "GNOME Zeitgeist"

.SH NAME
zeitgeist\-datahub \- passive loggers for GNOME Zeitgeist

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBzeitgeist\-datahub\fP \fI[OPTION]\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBzeitgeist\-datahub\fP is a daemon which centralizes all passive
data sources written in Python into a single process, and interfaces
between said data sources (also known as \fIloggers\fP) and
\fBzeitgeist-daemon\fP (with which it communicates via D-Bus).
.PP
\fBPassive\fP data sources are those which run in the background and
look for activities independently to the programs they monitor, whereas
Zeitgeist can also work with \fBactive\fP data sources which are those
in-build into other applications (either natively or through
extensions).

.SH OPTIONS
The program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with
options starting with two dashes (`--'). A summary of options is
included below.
.TP
.B \-\-exclude\-datasources <...>
Not implemented yet.

.SH FILES
.TP
.B /usr/share/gnome-zeitgeist/zeitgeist/loggers/datasources/
Python data sources inside this directory will be dinamically
load at start time.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBzeitgeist-daemon\fR, \fBzeitgeist-trayicon\fR

.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs on https://bugs.launchpad.net/gnome-zeitgeist.

.SH AUTHORS
Please see the MAINTAINERS file bundled with this application for
a complete list of contributors.

.SH LICENSE
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
