.TH ZEITGEIST\-DAEMON 1 "June 28, 2012" "Zeitgeist"

.SH NAME
zeitgeist\-daemon \- D\-Bus interface providing a log of activities

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBzeitgeist\-daemon\fP \fI[OPTION]\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBzeitgeist\-daemon\fP is daemon providing an activity log. That is,
it consists of a central database for events such as file usage, browser
history, calendar entries, etc.
.PP
All this information is made available to external applications which
communicate with \fBzeitgeist\-daemon\fP over D-Bus. Interested
applications can request information, insert new events or delete
existing events. 
.PP
Zeitgeist is also capable of establishing relationships between
activities. Its purpose is enabling an activity-aware desktop with
adaptive user interfaces.
.PP
By default, \fBzeitgeist\-daemon\fP will also start the bundled
logging application \fBzeitgeist\-datahub\fP.

.SH OPTIONS
The program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with
options starting with two dashes (`--'). A summary of options is
included below.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-datahub
Do not start \fBzeitgeist\-datahub\fP together with this daemon.
.TP
.B \-r, \-\-replace
Replace any existing Zeitgeist instance if there is one already
running. If this option isn't used, \fBzeitgeist\-daemon\fP will
refuse to start if another running instance is found.
.TP
.B --log-level=\fILOG_LEVEL\fP
Specifies how much information should be printed to the standard output.
Possible values are: DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL.
.TP
.B --log-file=\fILOG_FILE\fP
Specifies a file to which log output will be appended.
.TP
.B \-q, \-\-quit
Stop a currently running Zeitgeist instance and exit. This lets
Zeitgeist finish any operation it may currently be doing.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Shows which version of Zeitgeist is being executed.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Shows a short help message listing all supported options.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
.B ZEITGEIST_DATA_PATH
Overrides the directory where user data files are placed. The default
value is that of XDG's data dir (usually ~/.local/share/zeitgeist).
.TP
.B ZEITGEIST_DATABASE_PATH
This variable lets you specify an override for the filename of the main
database. The default value is $ZEITGEIST_DATA_PATH/activity.sqlite.
.TP
.B ZEITGEIST_DATABASE_BACKUP_PATH
This variable lets you specify an override for the filename of a possible
database backup. The default value is $ZEITGEIST_DATA_PATH/activity.sqlite.bck.
.TP
.B ZEITGEIST_DISABLED_EXTENSIONS
This variable lets you specify comma separated list of extension names which
shouldn't be loaded. The names are extracted from type names of the extensions,
so to disable extension with type name ZeitgeistDataSourceRegistry, value
of the variable should be DataSourceRegistry.

.SH SIGNALS
\fISIGHUP\f1: zeitgeist\-daemon will shut itself down in a clean way. 
.RS
It is recommended that system updates of Zeitgeist send this signal to 
all running instances of zeitgeist-daemon. DBus activation will make sure 
the updated software is automatically restarted when needed.

.SH EXIT CODES
.TP
.B 0
Zeitgeist terminated normally.
.TP
.B 1
An unspecified error occurred.
.TP
.B 10
There is already a running Zeitgeist instance.
.TP
.B 21
Could not access the database file.
.TP
.B 22
The database file is locked.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBzeitgeist-datahub\fR, \fBgnome-activity-journal\fR

.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs on 
https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/zeitgeist/zeitgeist/issues.

.SH AUTHORS
Please see the AUTHORS file bundled with this application for
a complete list of contributors.

.SH LICENSE
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2.1 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
