.TH ZEITGEIST\-TRAYICON 1 "May 20, 2009" "GNOME Zeitgeist"

.SH NAME
zeitgeist\-trayicon \- tray icon to launch and manage GNOME Zeitgeist

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBzeitgeist\-trayicon\fP \fI[OPTION]\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBzeitgeist\-trayicon\fP is the canonical way to launch GNOME Zeitgeist
on desktop system. It starts \fBzeitgeist\-daemon\fP and provides a tray
icon from where to start graphical interfaces to browse it, change its
preferences or end the Zeitgeist service.

.SH OPTIONS
The program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with
options starting with two dashes (`--'). A summary of options is
included below.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-daemon
Do not start \fBzeitgeist\-daemon\fP, only the tray icon. With this
option, the daemon won't be started until you launch a graphical
interface which requires it.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBzeitgeist-daemon\fR, \fBzeitgeist-journal\fR

.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs on https://bugs.launchpad.net/gnome-zeitgeist.

.SH AUTHORS
Please see the AUTHORS file bundled with this application for
a complete list of contributors.

.SH LICENSE
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
